Questions for Dr. H. Ross:

High Priority Questions:

Which patients are getting a Fitbit:
1. Are all patients that get prescribed Medly also to be 'prescribed' a Fitbit? 
2. Does this include existing program patients (not RCT)?

We have some scientific concerns regarding changes in patient NYHA FC after their clinic visit and with algorithm requiring two-week time chunks to generate an NYHA FC prediction:
1. Do you have an objection to us instead using single day time chunks? (if yes what would be the lowest acceptable time chunk to maintain clinical relevance)
2. Do you have an objection to us instead monitoring study participants for a shorter period of 2-4 weeks using these lower time chunks? 
3. Would it be reasonable to get a reassessment of patient NYHA class after each of these time chunks (e.g. each day) to ensure it hasn't changed? Data collection need not necessarily be done by a physician if it's too time consuming - e.g. we can collect using using the questionnaire developed by Kubo et al. for multi-center studies (attached): http://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S1071916403007450?via%3Dihub



Low Priority Clarification on thesis proposal comments:

Just so I understand why these changes were made, I have a few follow-up questions regarding some of the comments you made on the thesis proposal.
Your changes in brackets: () for removed content, [] for added

1. Section 1.1 regarding the description of the 6MWT "...the total distance walked is then used as an indicator of the (aerobic) [exercise] capacity of the individual...". Why exercise instead of aerobic? Because in a strictly medical context aerobic refers to exercise as measured by oxygen consumption (whereas we're interested in physical exertion ability - as limited by symptoms rather than O2)?

2. Section 1.1 regarding formal tests run in the clinic to assess patient response to exertion: "(These tests are)[Formal cardiopulmonary testing is], almost without exception, run in a controlled clinical environment...": Along the same lines - are tests like the 6MWT still categorized as 'cardiopulmonary tests' despite not recording O2 consumption or other direct measures of 'pulmonary response'?

3. Section 2.3.2 regarding NYHA class assessment "The assessment is performed by the (physician) [healthcare professional] seeing the patient." Why the change? Is it because 'residents' are not technically (licensed) physicians? Or because nursing staff, etc. and non-Doctors might assess NYHA class? If so who else does the assessment?