Hello,

I'm contacting you on behalf of the Centre for Global eHealth Innovation, which is part of the University Health Network in Toronto, one of the largest medical and healthcare research institutions in North America.

As part of work we design and develop eHealth technology for hospitals and clinics for many of our clinic care departments in the hospital. One of our platforms is a smartphone app and web dashboard called Medly that helps promote self-management in patients with chronic disease like chronic congestive heart failure - the end state of all heart disease and a rising silent epidemic in Canada and the US.

Over the years, our team as well as the clinicians in our hospital (namely the Peter Munk Cardiac Centre - a world leader in the diagnosis card and management of cardiovascular disease) have seen Fitbit rise to become a dominant player in the wearables market. In this time we have increasingly become intrigued at the synergistic opportunities of a partnership with Fitbit and the potential to revolutionize cardiac care for patients and drastically improve health and outcomes for diseases like heart failure in particular. Heart rate and physical activity (which are both monitored by Fitbit devices) are such important markers of heart health. We believe that such a partnership would also be significantly mutually beneficial, helping to continue furthering Fitbit's reputation not only as the dominant player in the fitness market but also better positioned to compete against encroaching competitors in the health sphere that is becoming such a significant chunk of national expenditure in both the U.S. and Canadian markets and will only continue to grow in the upcoming decades.

I have included a recent report by the Canadian Heart & Stroke Foundation for more context of the size and importance of the problem of heart failure I mentioned (by some estimates the condition is almost 10 times as prevalent in the United States)

You can also find a detailed overview about the Medly platform I mentioned on the website of Healthcare Human Factors, our design partner at the University Health Network, here: http://humanfactors.ca/work/medly/

I would invite you to contact me at jbaril@ehealthinnovation.org or jonathan.baril@uhn.ca so we could set up a call to or email thread to discuss further.

Thanks!
Jonathan-F. Baril